OK,
guys.
Now,
in this short lecture,
we're gonna have a look at how we can get around this hard coding of the path to a specific
file on no.
So far,
at the moment we've looked at how to hard code using something similar to this you'll
remember from the last lecture.
We also had the word demo tanked at the end of this another backslash.
But what this is going to do is bring up the folder pick out which is called the MSO file
Dialog folder picker,
which you'll get if you're in Excel and you hit control or no,
and it goes to the open file dialog box.
Now there are many versions that this is a simple Google will turn up 100 of them,
I would imagine,
but this was particularly useful because it allows us to personalize that.
So what we have is basically so with end with thing going on here on,
we have different options.
So we say dark yellow,
multi,
select false because we only want them to be able to pick one folder.
Now we're going to be reading the name of this to the folder name Variable,
which have declared publicly above next weaken.
Do it normally just say is open up the top left hand corner.
But using the dark title,
we can actually specify the text that appears in there.
So what we can actually say is a personalized message.
Please select the folder containing the fouls you want to import.
I'll show you this in action in the second Britain name normally just says OK or cancel.
Well,
here we can change what the okay says to say,
select this folder.
So once they're pointed and clicked a folder they know select this whole that is the button
they should press now,
this one,
the initial file name here,
rather than go into my computer and then having to navigate through eight levels of
directories to get them to wear roughly they should be we can get them to roughly where
they should be by specifying initial the initial file name right here.
So I've left at the demo part,
and I'm gonna allow us to pick the demo folder.
But it's going to take us to see uses our desktop.
Obviously you will change this to suit your own needs,
but that's going to take us there.
So then we come to an if test if dot show equals minus one that just says,
Has the council being pressed on here?
This stuff here,
I just had this in for books.
Test him.
Obviously you can put whatever you want into books.
Test eso Basically,
that's it.
It will open the folder the the MSO file Dialog folder picker,
and it will allow us to pick folder on Read that path to the variable folder name.
So let's just step through that code.
Andi,
here we go.
So he can see we have please select the folder containing the phones you want to import.
Select this folder.
So we're going to click demo and begin a click Select this fall.
That and then when they hit f eight hover over,
fold the name you can see that we now have the full path.
See users Alain de stock desktop demo.
Okay,
in the next lecture began.
Have a look at modifying that loop where we opened and closed the folders to make it even
more useful.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.